I was wrong about you, wasn't I?
I mean, look at you.
You're all grown up.
What a surprise.
So grown up.
Has anyone ever told you
you're irresistible?
Not... Not really.
You are just the cutest
thing I've ever seen.
I just want to eat you up.
Such a big boy.
Such a big, big boy.
Yes, you are.
You know, I've really got
things under control here,
so if there's something
you need to do...
No.
I'm happy to make myself,
you know, available,
lend you a hand or whatever just till
you get into the swing of things here.
It's been over two
and a half weeks.
Has it?
Aren't you going to
be late for school?
I'm at the point now where I can
pretty much set my own schedule,
more or less.
Really?
I don't remember
10th grade being...
11th.
11th grade being like that.
You don't want to
miss your ride.
Look how messy you are.
You know, he's very
picky about his bath.
I should probably show you.
They never carry any books.
You ever notice that?
We walk around like two
librarians all the time.
Please. You're, like, obsessed
with Nina DiMayo and her escorts.
I guess not carrying any books
leaves your hands free
to do other things.
Why couldn't that be us?
How about no car, no guys,
no cigarettes, no attitude?
We could bum some cigarettes.
Yeah.
Are you going to tell me what
you did on number seven or not?
Think of the 80-and-dying test.
When you're 80 and dying, what
are you going to look back on
and regret not doing?
I swear to you getting the
right answer on number seven
is not going to be on the list.
Let's leave our books in our
lockers today, what do you say?
What are you doing?
Connect-the-dots.
A few more freckles and we've
got the Oakland Bay Bridge.
Uh-oh. Damn.
What?
- Where are you going?
- Deadline.
You know how it is.
Second thought, maybe you don't.
Hey, you said the shelves
would take two weeks, tops.
That's before I had incentive
to make the job last.
Charlie...
Charlie, I got to work.
500 words on "The proliferation of
Japanese noodle restaurants in the city."
I hadn't noticed.
Due at five on the dot.
So you'll be 15 minutes late.
Your editor will understand.
Fifteen, huh?
I could make it 10.
Oh, God, you are young.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's not like some
weird sexual thing
that I should be
interested in her
just because she's taking
care of my brother, is it?
You realize that this
paper's due in three days?
Yeah.
See, I get this funny pain thing
in my stomach
whenever I see her.
"Funny pain thing?"
You're gone, man.
Okay, so she's older, a little,
which is tough but
not impossible.
I definitely have to
make the first move.
Any suggestions?
Yeah. Snap out of it, okay?
Do you have any clue
how to analyze the poem
To His Coy Mistress
in terms of its theme, language,
metaphor, imagery, and meter?
Not off the top of my head.
Well, you'd better
figure it out,
'cause if you spend
the next three days
mooning over this babysitter
and blow this paper
and get put on
academic probation
and get benched from the team
and we lose another game,
me and 10 other guys are
gonna come to your house
and do a job on your
face so that no girl
will ever find you
attractive again.
Okay?
There's no point in
threatening a man in love.
Hopeless!
Bay,
what's Uncle Kurt's
wife's name again?
The new one.
The one he moved to France for?
Marnie.
Marie.
Something like that.
What about Nana and Papa?
When were they born?
What is this, Claud?
We're supposed to do
our family trees,
like with cut-out
construction paper,
you know, all that?
So, Nana and Papa?
Huh?
Oh. Uh...
Nana died in '86,
same year as Grandma Jane.
Papa was in, like,
'89.
They were both 70-something.
I don't know. Can't
you do the math?
What about Grandpa?
Last one, I promise.
Grandpa Jack.
When was he born?
I don't know, Claud.
Honest, I don't.
Mom was 10 when he took off.
She never talked about him.
No one's heard from him since, like,
the Eisenhower administration.
But he's alive.
I mean, no one knows
that he isn't alive.
We're real low on
fabric softener.
He could be alive.
You all right, Bailey?
Hello.
So we take the
Filmore bus to Geary
and the Geary bus to Castro?
The Castro line takes forever.
We get anything from Mr. Graham?
I don't know. Can I...
He was going to send me the monthly
statement from the estate.
Can I borrow 10 bucks?
What for?
Cab fare, in case we're out
past the bus' last run.
Cab fare? The library's
like three blocks away.
We're kind of not
going to the library.
There's this party
we heard about.
It's supposed to be this huge blowout.
We're gonna crash.
Thanks, Charlie.
Look, if my mom calls,
could you tell that we
did go to the library?
Sure thing.
Cool.
Actually, that'll
only work till nine.
After nine, could you tell her
that we went down to the
corner to get some pizza?
No problem.
Great. See you later.
Any time after 10,
could you tell her
that I was so fried
from studying
that I kind of crashed
on Julia's bed
and you don't think it's such
a good idea to wake me up?
He's got us covered, Lib.
I've got you covered, Lib.
Have fun.
Hey, Char,
you ever been with
an older woman?
Why? Why do you want to know?
I'm just curious.
That's all.
Uh, yeah.
Sure I have.
What's it like?
It's great.
Older women are great.
So you don't...
think that an age difference
is necessarily a big problem?
Nah. You kidding me?
It can work in your favor.
All that stuff about women
peaking later than guys.
So how do you get something
like that going?
The big thing is...
you've got to let them know...
you're not so young
you can't talk to them about
stuff they're interested in.
What do you mean?
Say, she's, like...
I don't know,
a restaurant critic.
A restaurant critic?
She's got all these books
about cooking and
food and stuff,
so you say something like,
"You know, I've never
understood the difference
between Szechuan and
Mandarin cuisine."
So you ask her something
she knows about.
What is she, a
senior or something?
Uh... Yeah.
Go for it, man.
Maybe I should check to
see if my mom called.
Lib, would you relax?
We can't sit here
forever, you know.
I mean, we didn't
take three buses
to sit on the hood of a Pontiac
and watch other people have fun.
People are going to
think we're major geeks
if we go in looking like
we don't know anyone.
Okay.
So we go in there saying, like,
"Has anyone seen David?"
Who's that?
Well, there's five
Davids in Soc alone.
There's got to be
at least one here.
What do you say?
Has anyone seen David?
That's not much of a
conversation starter.
No, but it's a plan.
Kirsten?
Owen was playing with my
key ring out here today
and he must've dropped
it somewhere.
I didn't realize it until now.
Want some help?
Yeah. Thanks.
Jeez, it's cold out
here, isn't it?
You want my sweater?
No.
Oh, come on. Don't be silly.
Take it.
Thanks.
Okay, uh...
The thing to do is divide the
backyard into quadrants.
Sounds like you've
done this before.
Yeah?
Well, once I got into a fistfight with
Tommy Slovoto from up the street,
and he knocked my
front tooth out.
I spent, like, a whole day
back here trying to find it.
Which one was it?
It's kind of hard to believe
that smile isn't 100
percent natural.
Found them.
Great.
Thanks.
Well...
Night.
What are you so happy about?
Nothing.
I decided I'm going to find him.
Grandpa Jack.
I'm going to find him.
You're going to find him?
Uh-huh.
You're going to go out
and look for him?
Yep.
And you know how to do that?
Of course not. I'm
in the fifth grade.
I'll just get some help.
The thing is, Claud,
He's been missing
for, like, 30 years.
He could be dead.
Or maybe he doesn't
really want to be found.
Or maybe he's waiting for
someone to want to find him.
I just don't think you should
get your hopes up, Claud.
Did you ever look for him?
Did you ever ask any
questions about him at all?
Did you?
Well, no, but...
There wasn't much point.
Jeez.
I'd hate to think what
would happen to me
if I ended up missing
for 30 years.
Claudia...
Well, I'm going to find him.
"That night, the
princess was at dinner
with her father, the king,
and his royal court
when there came a strange
knocking on the door
and a voice cried out,
'Princess, Princess! Let me in!'
The princess ran to
see who it could be
and was startled
to see the frog."
Still reading to
him in his sleep?
He can hear me.
It's amazing, huh?
I've always been fascinated
by the unconscious mind.
You mean the subconscious mind.
Exactly.
I had no idea you were interested
in psychology, Bailey.
Hmm, I dabble.
So I know how important it is
to stimulate Owen's imagination.
Little boys with imaginations
grow up to be men
who are creative
and resourceful.
Men I find very, very sexy.
I, uh...
had an imaginary friend
when I was a kid.
No kidding?
That's supposed to be a
sign of real sensitivity.
Really?
Huh.
Yeah. His name was Lloyd.
Lloyd W. Loomis.
Lloyd Loomis.
Uh,
I guess I must have
been pretty sensitive,
because Lloyd and I
would spend hours
just imagining together.
What did you and
Lloyd talk about?
Uh...
baseball, mainly.
Yeah, I wanted to
be a ballplayer,
and Lloyd was living with me,
under my bed,
I think,
and because his father,
his father was a catcher
for this minor league
farm team of the Giants,
and so he was on the
road all the time and...
So you took him in.
Except during the off-season.
Is that weird?
No.
Actually, it's a sign of a very
nurturing and caring person.
Yeah.
I'd lend him my
clothes and feed him
and save him a place at
the table next to me.
Why am I telling you this?
What?
I think it's wonderful.
Claudia?
You want to explain?
Alan Tisk. Golden State
Private Investigations.
We spoke.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Tisk.
I'll take it from here, Charlie.
No, Claudia, you won't
"take it from here."
You can't just call up
a private eye and...
What's going on?
Mr. Tisk and I are
going to find Grandpa.
Jack Gordon.
"Left his wife and daughter
approximately 30 years ago in Seattle.
Brief stint in the US
Navy during WWII."
Yup.
That's all we know.
You hired a private detective?
30 years is a long
time to be missing.
See, Claud? That's
what we told you.
You're wasting the man's time.
Am I?
Never say die.
I'm with you, Mr. Tisk.
Good,
then let's talk business.
My retainer is $500
payable up front.
Wow.
My retainer didn't
cost nearly that much.
I charge $100 an
hour plus expenses.
Could we do this in, like...
15 minutes?
Can you recommend
somebody cheaper?
How about a free tip.
Try the Veterans Administration.
Pleasure doing business
with you, Mr. Tisk.
You were sleeping in Civ.
I was not.
Yes, you were. I saw you.
You were doing that
head-jerking thing.
Shut up.
Four hours sleep.
It is a miracle that
I'm even standing.
So what's the verdict?
Did you have fun?
Yeah.
I mean, yeah. Did you?
Yeah, I guess.
Sort of.
It was kind of hard to
carry a conversation
with the music cranking.
So did you see me dancing with that
blond guy with the parrot tattoo?
He was gorgeous.
So do you like him?
Like him?
It's kind of hard to tell.
I mean, he had his eyes
closed the whole time.
He was sort of moaning
to the music.
I don't really think
he knew I was...
there.
Weren't you guys at Bryan
Dennahan's last night?
Yeah.
Pretty happening, huh?
I can't believe those bonehead
neighbors called the cops.
I mean, the music
wasn't so loud.
Totally.
Quel drag.
You know, uh, Jason's parents
are leaving town tomorrow,
and him and Nina were thinking
about doing something,
if you're interested.
Great.
Okay, you guys. Everything
off your desks.
I know you spent the evening
with King Lear last night,
so let's see how much of
it actually sunk in, huh?
Oh, you're beautiful
when you're angry.
Papers on my desk
when you're done,
and tonight's assignment
is to finish the play.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
I'm sure you can.
Don't you have that kind of
information in a computer?
Can't you just, like, type in his
name and tell me where he is?
It's against our policy to give
out that kind of information
to the general public.
It's real important
that I find him.
He owes me money.
Look, Sergeant,
I'm an orphan.
My four brothers and
sisters are orphans.
We're all alone and we have
no one to take care of us,
and this man is our only
surviving grandparent,
yet we have no idea where he
is or if he's alive, even.
That's G-O-R-D-O-N.
Gordon.
You got to see this place.
Sea Ranch.
All the houses are
built to fit, like,
right into the environment.
Oh, yeah?
You think this skirt makes
my butt look too big?
No. You look great.
See, I'd love to do that,
build houses like that.
Like what?
Environmentally, you
know, conscious
like at Sea Ranch.
Oh, yeah.
See, I don't think
I know the place.
I hate these events.
The Bay Area Restaurateurs
Association Annual Cocktail Party
and brown-nosing hour.
You don't know how lucky you are
not to get invited
to these things.
Well, at least the
food's good, right?
Hey, the shelves came out great.
Yeah, didn't they?
I don't know, Charlie.
We're going to have to come
up with some new excuse
for you being here
in the afternoon.
Right.
You know, my kitchen cabinets
could use some refinishing.
Uh... These, uh...
These next few weeks are
going to be kind of...
I mean, I've got a
house painting thing
over in Mill Valley, and...
Okay, so how can we work this?
I'll call you. You call me.
Yeah, sure. It sounds good.
Okay, Charlie.
So,
you sure we're square
on the shelves?
Paid in full.
Where you been?
Out.
What you doing?
Are you throwing this away?
MYOB, huh, Claud?
Can I keep some of this
if you don't want it?
Mom bought you this music box.
It's kids' stuff, Claud.
I'm not a kid anymore.
Yeah, right.
Oh, I remember
when you got this.
Claudia...
"Presented to Julia Salinger, as the
promising freshman in the whole... "
Do you mind?
I don't feel like staring at a bunch of
lousy trophies every day of my life, okay?
Whoa, what's gotten into you?
Nothing.
It's just like all
your violin stuff.
I mean, all these dumb
plaques and awards
and lessons and practicing
and competitions
and everything...
I mean, does that
really make you happy?
Yeah. It does.
Just whipped up some
spaghetti and meatballs.
It's your favorite, right?
Did I say that?
Yeah, I guess.
Dinner is served.
Bailey made dinner?
Can you believe they only give
you six meatballs in a can?
Isn't that a rip-off?
Is this seat taken?
No.
No! Uh...
I was going to sit there...
on that side...
so that I could serve.
Who cares where you sit?
You've got a whole
bench to yourself.
There's even enough
space for Lloyd.
Lloyd?
Bailey's imaginary
baseball-playing friend.
Eat.
What is this? You have an
imaginary friend, Bay?
You weren't supposed
to mention that.
Oh, my God. I'm sorry.
What position does he play?
I'm really sorry.
I didn't know you
hadn't told anybody.
Imaginary friend, huh, Bailey?
Named Lloyd?
That's so cute.
This is a fascinating insight.
Okay, can we just
drop this, please?
Sorry.
What time is it?
I've got to get to
the restaurant.
Hey, you work too hard, Charlie.
Yeah, right. You're one to talk.
Could you pass the, uh...
I could use a little vacation.
I've been thinking about taking
some time, driving up the coast.
No kidding. You ever
been to Sea Ranch?
Cheese?
- The place with all the houses?
-Please?
You know it?
That is so beautiful.
Isn't it? I love that place.
The way every building complements
its natural surroundings.
Right.
Why can't they do that
here in the city?
I know. I feel exactly
the same way.
No kidding.
It was really nice of you
guys to include me tonight.
Well, sure. Of course.
Absolutely.
I didn't know your
brother was such a chef.
Wait till you try
his tuna casserole.
Well, it was sweet of him
to make such a fuss.
He means well.
Seems like he's always
thinking of other people.
Yeah.
All in all, he's, uh...
a pretty great kid.
I'm so sorry about
last night, Bailey.
Forget about it.
No, really. I mean it.
It never occurred to me that you hadn't
told anybody you had an imaginary...
It was a line.
Okay?
What?
A line.
I just made it up.
You did?
The thing is, I don't want
to play any more games.
Kirsten...
Salinger residence.
Oh, hi.
God, you're up and about early.
No, that's okay. I already did.
On my way to work.
Last pair.
"Obstructed view through the..."
It was the best I could do.
Well, who needs to see Gregorian
chants anyway, right?
Charlie...
So we'll hook up
after work tomorrow?
Great.
Julia.
Guess we both have snooze
button syndrome, huh?
Yeah, I guess.
I thought I'd show
this in class.
It's Peter Brooks'
film of King Lear.
You seen it?
Me neither.
A date took me to
see it in college
and I slept through
the whole thing.
I'm hoping it was the
guy and not the movie.
So, anything you want to say
about yesterday's quiz?
You and Libby really
helped the curve.
I gave you a 52.
That's an F, Julia.
Yeah, well, I guess I
didn't get the play.
Shakespeare, you know.
It's hard.
I'd believe you if you
said you hadn't read it,
but not understand it? Come on.
Last year, that paper
you wrote on Othello,
that was much harder stuff.
Okay, you're right.
I didn't read it.
That F is going to pull down
the rest of your grade.
That would be too
bad, don't you think?
Look, you and Libby want to
earn some extra credit tonight?
Give me five typed pages
on what qualities make
Lear a tragic hero,
I'll take the Fs off the books.
Okay?
Yikes. See you in class.
Mr. Gordon?
Jack Gordon?
That's right.
Can I do something for you?
I'm, uh, selling
Girl Scout cookies.
I thought you girls
wore a uniform.
Oh,
I ripped mine trying to get
my tree-climbing badge.
So you want to buy some?
They're three bucks a box.
I don't think so.
Thanks anyway.
Why don't you try
Marilyn over there?
Maybe you'd like
to buy your wife
a box of her favorites.
I haven't had a wife
for more years than you've
been alive, my dear.
Tell you what.
I'll take a couple of the
chocolate mint kind.
So...
this is where you live?
On a boat?
Neat.
The only way to live.
You wake up in the morning
and you decide you
hate the view,
well, all you've got to
do is loosen the mooring,
and you sail off to
someplace you like better.
I've never been
on a ship before.
I'd like to learn how to sail.
You never stood behind a wheel?
Never come about?
Never hoisted a mizzen?
I'm only 11.
Fair enough.
I mean, did your daughter
sail before she was 11?
That's six bucks, right?
You see something
that interests you?
You like violin music.
Hey, I'm missing the latest
issue of Rolling Stone.
Check to see if it's in
there, would you, Bay?
Check for yourself.
What the hell?
What is going on with you?
All of a sudden
you're interested
in Gregarian chants, huh?
It's Gregorian chants, I think,
and what the hell
is your problem?
My problem is, you don't know how to
stay out of other people's territory.
What?
I'm interested in her, okay?
In... In Kirsten?
You mean she's the older woman?
You said... You said...
You said a senior.
What do you think I made her
that dinner for last night?
I have no idea.
Honestly, I have no idea
what you're thinking, Bay.
You're 16 years old.
You're in high school.
She's in grad school.
She's a professional.
You actually think she's going
to be interested in you?
I could ask you the same thing.
For your information,
she asked me out,
so I guess she's not waiting
around for you to make your move.
You can have any girl you want.
You just walk into a room,
and every girl in there
wants to be with you.
You always get
whatever you want.
- That's bull, man.
- And this is important to me.
It's a fantasy, Bay.
So what?
So it's my fantasy. What
is wrong with that?
I spend my whole life
worrying about everyone
and taking care of everything,
but this is mine,
and maybe it won't work
out, but maybe it will.
Maybe one-in-a-million, it will.
And you know what else, Charlie?
You'll walk down the street
tomorrow, and you'll see someone,
or some woman will pay you to
do a job for her on her place,
and you'll hop
into bed with her,
and you'll forget
all about Kirsten.
I know you.
Screw you, Bailey.
So what do you say?
Your house or mine?
I want to go to
this party tonight.
Uh-huh. No, we can't.
We've got a paper due.
So what'll it be?
So we'll blow it off. Come on, Libby.
It'll be so much fun.
Julia, we've got like 12 hours
to get this F off our record.
So what? So we get an F.
It's not gonna kill us.
Something has definitely
gone wrong with you.
Did you have, like,
a little stroke?
No, I just don't want
to spend the night
writing a stupid paper.
Please, Lib?
No.
Why not?
Is this party really
so important to you?
I mean, you really
care that much
about Nina DiMayo and
her stupid friends?
You know, they don't
even know your name.
And you care that much
about getting another A.
I'm not gonna explain
this to you.
why it's better
to work hard and get good grades
and, like, go to college
than hang out with
people who talk about,
I don't know, getting drunk.
At least they don't
spend their time
comparing perfect
attendance records
and swapping answers
to trig questions.
If you're bored with my
company, don't let me keep you.
That's not what I'm saying.
You know, you're one to talk.
You've got more As than anyone,
and if it's all so moronic,
then what the hell
have you been doing?
- I don't know!
- Shh.
I don't know.
It's stupid, Lib.
It's all just a
stupid waste of time,
because tomorrow it could all
be over, just like that.
It could all be over before
I've had any fun at all.
Listen, I didn't
want to say anything
until I was sure...
Oh, Ross called.
He wants to know
if he can switch your
lesson to Friday.
But now I am.
Well, sure, that is.
I found him.
Our grandfather.
Grandpa Jack.
I found him.
He's been living in the
marina on a sailboat.
All this time.
Isn't that funny?
How do you know it's him, Claud?
Did you talk to him?
Duh.
And he said he was
our grandfather?
Well, no, but he is.
Okay, number one, his
name is Jack Gordon.
That's a pretty common name.
Number two, he was in the Navy.
So are hundreds of guys, Claud.
Number three, he listens to
violin music all the time.
- Number four...
- Claudia...
Number 4 is,
he's been married two times,
except he doesn't ever like to
talk about his first marriage,
you know,
probably because he feels
so bad about leaving Mom.
But you never asked
him, Claud, did you?
You never said, "I think
you're my grandfather."
Of course not.
I mean, he left a
family once before.
If I told him there
were five of us,
he'd probably have
a heart attack
or disappear.
He's got to get
to know us first,
before he finds out, well,
we belong to him.
You don't believe me.
Claud, it's...
It's not that we don't want to.
It just sounds so...
Unlikely.
None of you did
anything to find him.
You never even tried,
but I did.
I found him,
so I don't care what you think.
I know he's our grandfather.
The thing is,
it'd be really good to
have someone else around.
Just in case.
Just in case something happens,
or Bailey and Julia
go away to college,
or Charlie gets tired
of taking care of us,
which I could understand.
Just in case.
You check on Claud?
Only one she'll talk to is Owen.
How's this going?
Essentially, I'm screwed.
I can't concentrate.
I don't know what
I'm doing here.
It's just...
Things are just not going
real well right now.
Does this have anything to
do with you and Charlie?
'Cause I'm getting some vibes.
Don't get me started, okay?
It can't be that bad.
On second thought...
I'm looking at an F.
Maybe a G-minus.
Not that you would
know what that's like.
So, have fun at your party.
I'm sure you'll come up
with something by tomorrow.
Do you have a thesis sentence?
A thesis sentence. A summary
of what you want to say.
Yeah.
"This poem doesn't
make any sense."
Okay. How about this?
"To His Coy Mistress"
is Andrew Marvell's lament
to the timelessness of love
and the mortality
of human flesh.
Do I know you?
Type it in. Timelessness of
love, mortality of human flesh.
This is great.
This is fantastic.
Now what?
In so doing,
the poet and his mistress,
instead of being at
the mercy of time,
become its master.
This is where I want
to put in the quote.
Uh,
"like amorous birds of prey
our time devour."
Whoa. I am good.
We're good. We're good.
You're good.
Devour time...
like amorous birds of prey.
Time check.
Uh...
2:15.
You're kidding.
Damn! I can't...
Look, just do a couple of
paragraphs on the imagery
and come up with a conclusion
I'm going to bed.
Hey.
You saved my life.
I know.
So?
So was it fun?
The party?
I didn't go.
Really?
Yeah, I got stuck at
home dealing with stuff.
So did you write it?
You?
Yeah, I kind of did.
Look, why don't you read
it over really fast?
Maybe you could say some of
the same stuff differently.
Even if it's not five pages, you
could still turn something in.
That's okay,
but thanks.
Okay, gang, let's get started.
Why don't we talk
about the last scene
between Lear and his daughters?
Goneril, Regan, Cordelia,
they all...
Miss Behrens. Miss Salinger.
Do you have something for me?
Julia?
I'm sorry.
Mr. Gordon?
I'm Bailey Salinger.
Yes?
I think you met my
kid sister, Claudia.
Oh. Sure did. The Girl Scout.
The what?
She's a pistol, that one.
Yeah, she is.
The thing is, Mr. Gordon,
I don't think she's been
completely up front with you.
I'm not sure what she told
you about our situation.
I'm not following you.
Our parents were killed in
a car accident last March.
It was a drunk driver.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
And we're kind of on our own.
There's not much family.
Just an uncle in Europe, but
he couldn't really deal.
All our grandparents are gone...
except for one.
Our mother's father.
He's been out of the
picture for like 30 years.
You and he have the same name.
Do we, now?
See, my sister's gotten
it into her head that...
Claud's got this
crazy idea that...
well, that you're him,
and of course, you're not.
I mean, that's what
we've told her.
I mean, there's no way you
could be our grandfather.
Right?
My mother's name was Diana.
Want a lift?
You know what I did today?
Seatbelt.
Seatbelt. Right.
I went to see a friend of yours.
We sat on the deck of his boat
and talked for a long time.
He's a really nice guy...
I told you.
But you know what, Claud?
He's not our grandfather.
You told him about
us, didn't you?
See, that's why he
doesn't want to admit...
There weren't any kids
from his first marriage,
he never lived in Seattle,
just passed through,
and he's got grandkids.
Six of them. He
showed me pictures.
I think you knew he wasn't
all along, didn't you?
Claudia,
whatever you thought
he could do for you,
however you thought
he could help
or make things easier,
whatever you needed him to be,
we've got to be that for you.
'Cause it's just us.
That's all we've got.
It's just us.
We're not doing so bad, are we?
I mean, I know
sometimes it's hard,
but on the whole, I'd say
we're doing pretty okay.
Wouldn't you?
Claudia?
Are we just going to
sit here or what?
Excuse me.
Nina?
Do you have change for a dollar?
Change. Do you have change?
Um, I don't know.
Yeah.
Great.
Miss Minor?
Yeah.
She almost failed me last year.
Like Shakespeare's ever going
to be relevant in my life.
Really.
Bummer taking the bus, huh?
Oh, you have no idea.
My boyfriend usually
gives me a lift home,
but he has detention today.
He mooned Mrs. Vidora.
- You're kidding. That was him?
- Yeah.
Bio class, right?
- Chem.
- Uh.
But his big mistake was telling
her to consider herself lucky,
since that was probably the only
male butt she'd see all decade.
I think the lab
fumes got to him.
Rumor has it she
used to be a he.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Mrs. Vidora?
Mm-hmm.
You ever looked at her wrists?
Tree trunks.
Who taught her to put on
makeup anyway, you know?
I mean, cosmetics
should not look
like they've been
applied with a spatula.
Words to live by.
Yeah.
Hey, you know Lani
Sutter, right?
Oh, my God.
Now, this is a story.
Listen to this.
When's Charlie getting off?
Beats me.
Might as well go
ahead and order.
It's just the four
of us for dinner.
Charlie's got a date.
- Hey, there.
- Hey.
You look nice.
It should be a great concert.
I'm really looking
forward to it.
Sorry you had to cancel.
Sort of last minute,
huh, Charlie?
I'm sorry.
Work.
Listen, um...
let me pay for the ticket.
No, no. No, it's okay.
I'm going with this guy George.
He's been after me to
go out for a while.
Turns out he loves
Gregorian chants.
Yeah, who doesn't?
George, huh?
I'm meeting him right outside.
I've got to go.
See you.
So can you give me
a lift, Bailey?
Bailey?
What is so fascinating?
Ordering here or what?
I thought you were, uh...
What do you need? An
explanation in writing?
We're not going out, okay?
Thanks.
Pass the bread, will you?
What's going on here?
You and Kirsten?
Wait, you were going
out with Kirsten?
- Claud, have a roll.
- With Kirsten?
Can we order?
Sure, Charlie.
What are you having?
Steak.
You always have steak.
- So? -You got to watch
your cholesterol.
Yeah. I'll get tested.
She eats like a truck driver.
Listen, I got this idea,
and I don't want you to say no,
'cause it will be really cool.
Did you know you can rent
sailboats at the marina?
Sounds logical.
They let you take them
out all day if you want,
but you have to have a grownup.
Charlie?
I'm in.
Great.
Have you guys ever been sailing?
- No.
- I don't think so.
Uh-uh.
See, the thing about sailing is,
you can just loosen the moorings
and go wherever you want.
You do have to know some things,
like swabbing the deck and
coming about and mizzens.
Well, that's a sail,
but I can show you.
See?
It's fun for the whole family.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org